xPos 2 float
yPos 3 float
rotation 6 int
scaling 32 float
text 31 text
targetGroupID 51 int
targetID 51 int
spawnTrigger 62 bool
touchTrigger 11 bool
activateGroup 56 bool
gravity 148 float
p1 138 bool
p2 200 bool
pt 201 bool
timeMod 120 float
vertexMode 207 bool
uniqueID 209 bool
disable 208 bool
disableAll 508 bool
moveTime 10 float
duration 10 float
chance 10 int
moveX 28 int
moveY 29 int
lockToPlayerX 58 bool
lockToCameraX 141 bool
lockToPlayerY 59 bool
lockToCameraY 142 bool
modX 143 float
modY 144 float
xMod 72 float
yMod 73 float
targetMode 100 bool
centerGroupID 395 int
targetPosGroupID 71 int
directionMode 394 bool
dynamicMode 397 bool
delay 63 float
spawnOrdered 441 bool
scaleX 150 float
scaleY 151 float
divByValueX 153 bool
divByValueY 154 bool
relativeScale 577 bool
relativeRotation 452 bool
onlyMove 133 bool
events 430 pointList
extraID 447 int
extraID2 525 int
itemID 80 int
targetCount 77 int
count 77 int
modifier 449 float
override 139 bool
groups 57 pointList
followGroupID 71 int
blockID 80 int
blockID2 95 int
dynamicBlock 94 bool
stateOn 51 int
stateOff 71 int
pp 201 bool
triggerOnExit 93 bool
trueID 51 int
falseID 71 int
linkObjects 108 int
groupID 51 int
groupID2 71 int
spawnOnly 504 bool
claimTouch 445 bool
chances 152 pointList
zOrder 25 int
scalingX 128 float
scalingY 129 float
smallStep 393 bool
noMultiActivate 444 bool
useControlID 535 bool
degrees 68 float
x360 69 int
followMode 394 bool
aimMode 100 bool
rotTargetID 401 int
rotOffset 402 float
minXID 516 int
maxXID 518 int
minYID 517 int
maxYID 519 int
lockObjRotation 70 bool
